Add api version (#2107)
cyberark/conjur: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Add a new, empty _Unreleased_ section to the changelog.
   - Remember to update the references at the bottom of the document.
1. Change VERSION file to reflect the change. This file is used by some scripts.

> 1. Change the API_VERSION file to reflect the new API version if there has been an update to the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the API_VERSION file to reflect the correct
   [OpenAPI spec release](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec/releases)
   if there has been an update to the API.
```
